Add visitor pattern section (#591)
G-Research/ParquetSharp: docs/guides/VisitorPatterns.md

# Visitor patterns: reading & writing with unknown column types

ParquetSharp exposes a number of "visitor" interfaces that make it convenient to read or write columns when you don't know the concrete column types at compile time. These visitors let you write type-safe code that is invoked for the actual column element type at runtime.

## ILogicalColumnWriterVisitor<TReturn>

The `ILogicalColumnWriterVisitor<TReturn>` interface is invoked for logical writers (high-level typed writers). Use this when you need to write data to columns but don't know the column types at compile time.

### Example: Generic column writer

```csharp
// A visitor that writes arrays of values to any column type
sealed class GenericColumnWriter : ILogicalColumnWriterVisitor<bool>
{
    private readonly IDictionary<string, object> _valuesByColumn;

    public GenericColumnWriter(IDictionary<string, object> valuesByColumn)
    {
        _valuesByColumn = valuesByColumn;
    }

    public bool OnLogicalColumnWriter<TValue>(LogicalColumnWriter<TValue> columnWriter)
    {
        // Look up values for this column name

>         if (!_valuesByColumn.TryGetValue(columnWriter.ColumnDescriptor.Path[0], out var raw))

Reviewer: The `ColumnPath` type doesn't support indexing so this code won't compile. I think what you want is probably:
```suggestion
        if (!_valuesByColumn.TryGetValue(columnWriter.ColumnDescriptor.Path.ToDotString(), out var raw))
```

 Can you check all the examples compile and work?

};

using var logicalWriter = columnWriter.LogicalWriter();
var success = logicalWriter.Apply(new GenericColumnWriter(valuesByColumn));
```

### Example: Conditional writer based on type

```csharp
// A visitor that only writes numeric columns, skipping others
sealed class NumericOnlyWriter : ILogicalColumnWriterVisitor<bool>
{
    private readonly double _fillValue;

    public NumericOnlyWriter(double fillValue) => _fillValue = fillValue;

    public bool OnLogicalColumnWriter<TValue>(LogicalColumnWriter<TValue> columnWriter)
    {
        TValue val;
        if (typeof(TValue) == typeof(int) ||
            typeof(TValue) == typeof(double) ||
            typeof(TValue) == typeof(float) ||
            typeof(TValue) == typeof(long))
        {
            // Convert _fillValue to the correct TValue
            val = (TValue)Convert.ChangeType(_fillValue, typeof(TValue));
        }
        else
        {
            // write default(TValue) so the row count matches
            val = default!;
        }

        var arr = new TValue[] { val };
        columnWriter.WriteBatch(arr);
        return true;
    }
}
```

## ILogicalColumnReaderVisitor<TReturn>

> The `ILogicalColumnReaderVisitor<TReturn>` interface is invoked for logical readers (high-level typed readers). Use this when you need to read data from columns of unknown types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The @ParquetSharp.ILogicalColumnReaderVisitor`1 interface is invoked for logical readers (high-level typed readers). Use this when you need to read data from columns of unknown types.
```

            for (var i = 0; i < read; ++i)
            {
                sb.Append(buffer[i]?.ToString() ?? "null");
                sb.Append(", ");
            }
        }

        if (sb.Length >= 2) sb.Length -= 2;
        return sb.ToString();
    }
}

// Usage
using var logicalReader = columnReader.LogicalReader();
var columnString = logicalReader.Apply(new ColumnToStringReader());
Console.WriteLine($"Column data: {columnString}");
```

### Example: Calculate column statistics

```csharp
// A visitor that computes row count for any column type
sealed class RowCountReader : ILogicalColumnReaderVisitor<long>
{
    public long OnLogicalColumnReader<TElement>(LogicalColumnReader<TElement> columnReader)
    {
        long count = 0;
        const int bufferSize = 1024;
        var buffer = new TElement[bufferSize];

        while (columnReader.HasNext)
        {
            count += columnReader.ReadBatch(buffer);
        }

        return count;
    }
}

// Usage
using var logicalReader = columnReader.LogicalReader();
var rowCount = logicalReader.Apply(new RowCountReader());
Console.WriteLine($"Total rows: {rowCount}");
```

## IColumnWriterVisitor<TReturn>

> The `IColumnWriterVisitor<TReturn>` interface provides lower-level access to physical column writers. Use this when you need to work with physical types, definition levels, repetition levels, or encodings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The @ParquetSharp.IColumnWriterVisitor`1 interface provides lower-level access to physical column writers. Use this when you need to work with physical types, definition levels, repetition levels, or encodings.
```

### Example: Definition level analyzer

```csharp
// A visitor that counts null values using definition levels
sealed class NullCountReader : IColumnReaderVisitor<int>
{
    public int OnColumnReader<TValue>(ColumnReader<TValue> columnReader) 
        where TValue : unmanaged
    {
        const int bufferSize = 1024;
        var values = new TValue[bufferSize];
        var defLevels = new short[bufferSize];
        var repLevels = new short[bufferSize];
        int nullCount = 0;

        while (columnReader.HasNext)
        {
            var read = columnReader.ReadBatch(bufferSize, defLevels, repLevels, values, out var valuesRead);
            
            // Count definition levels that indicate null
            for (int i = 0; i < read; i++)
            {
                if (defLevels[i] < columnReader.ColumnDescriptor.MaxDefinitionLevel)
                {
                    nullCount++;
                }
            }
        }

        return nullCount;
    }
}
```

## IColumnDescriptorVisitor<TReturn>

> The `IColumnDescriptorVisitor<TReturn>` interface visits column descriptors (schema metadata) without performing any I/O. Use this when you only need to inspect or process schema information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The @ParquetSharp.IColumnDescriptorVisitor`1 interface visits column descriptors (schema metadata) without performing any I/O. Use this when you only need to inspect or process schema information.
```
